feat: added faqs (#92)
deta/space-docs: src/pages/docs/en/other/faq.md

layout: "@docs"
---

## Why is an `Unauthorized` error thrown when I try to access my app?

By default all apps are private. You can make the entire app or parts of it public by adding the `public_routes` field to the Spacefile. Read more [in the docs](/docs/en/basics/micros#public-routes).

## Do Micros support websockets?

Because Micros are serverless compute instances with a 20 seconds maximum lifespan per request, they do not support websockets.

## My Micro timed out, what should I do?

> A timeout error means your code took longer than 20 seconds to handle to a request. You can try to speed up your code by optimizing it or rework it so it doesn't need a constant connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A timeout error means your code took longer than 20 seconds to handle to a request. You can try to speed up your code by optimizing it or rework it so it doesn't need a constant connection.
```

> ## Support for Python 3.11?

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Do Micros support Python 3.11?
```

Supported Python versions in Micros are determined by which versions are available on AWS Lambdas. When a new Python version is added to AWS Lambdas, it will be available shortly in Micros as well. You can check the current supported versions [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/lambda-runtimes.html).

> ## Why am I encountering the HTTP error 413 (Entity Too Large) ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Why am I encountering HTTP error 413 Entity Too Large?
```

> The HTTP error 413 (Entity Too Large) occurs when the request body surpasses our platform's maximum payload limit of 5 MB. To ensure efficient processing and prevent system overload, we recommend reviewing and reducing the size of your data. Splitting large data into smaller portions can help you stay within the payload limit and maintain optimal performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTTP error 413 (Entity Too Large) occurs when the request body surpasses our platform's maximum payload limit of 5 MB. To ensure efficient processing and prevent system overload, we recommend reviewing and reducing the size of your data. Splitting large data into smaller chunks can help you stay within the payload limit and maintain optimal performance.
```

> ## Why am I encountering the HTTP error 502 (Bad Gateway) ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Why am I encountering HTTP error 502 Bad Gateway?
```

> The HTTP error 502 (Bad Gateway) is typically encountered due to code issues or syntax errors that prevent the Micro from starting. Additionally, serving a file larger than 5 MB or adding a row to a Base that exceeds 400 KB can also cause this error. To resolve this issue, we recommend reviewing your code and ensuring that it is free of errors. If you are still encountering this error, please contact us on [Discord](https://go.deta.dev/discord).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTTP error 502 (Bad Gateway) typically occurs due to code issues or syntax errors that prevent the Micro from starting. Additionally, serving a file larger than 5 MB or adding a row to a Base that exceeds 400 KB can also cause this error. To resolve this issue, we recommend reviewing your code and ensuring that it is free of errors. If you are still encountering this error, please contact us on [Discord](https://go.deta.dev/discord).
```

## What are the limits of a Micro?

> Our Space micro service is designed with specific resource limits to maintain efficient performance. Each request has a maximum lifespan of 20 seconds and is allocated a maximum of 512 MB of memory. Additionally, the payload size for a request is limited to 5 MB, while the package dependency size must not exceed 250 MB. It is important to note that exceeding any of these limits will result in the termination of the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our Micro service is designed with specific resource limits to maintain efficient performance. Each request has a maximum lifespan of 20 seconds and is allocated a maximum of 512 MB of memory. Additionally, the payload size for a request is limited to 5 MB, while the package dependency size must not exceed 250 MB. It is important to note that exceeding any of these limits will result in the termination of the request.
```

layout: "@docs"
---

## Why is Unauthorized error thrown when I try to access my app?
By default all apps are private. You can make the app or parts of it public by editing the Spacefile and adding the `public_routes` key. Read more about it [here](/docs/en/basics/micros#public-routes).

## How do Micros work?
Deta space is a serverless platform therefore it can't have long running servers for handling requests. Instead it creates a new process for each request, responds to it and then that process gets freed up. But the process has a timeout of 20 seconds. So if your request takes more than 20 seconds to complete, it will be terminated. 

Lean more about Micros [here](/docs/en/basics/micros).

## Do Micros support websockets?

> Because Micros are serverless compute instances with a 20 seconds maximum lifespan per request, they do not support websockets.

Reviewer: @AyushSehrawat please make this change, to follow standard English structure.

> ## My Micro timed out, what do I do?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## My Micro timed out, what should I do?
```

Your request took longer than 20 seconds to finish if your Micro timed out. You can try to speed up your code by optimising it or by putting another solution in place that doesn't need a constant connection.
## Support for Python 3.11?
Current micros include Python runtime support up to 3.10 and are powered by AWS Lambda. Micros will therefore support it once AWS Lambda begins to support those runtime.

> ## What are the limits of a Micro?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What are the limits of Micros?
```

Author: Was to signify that each "Micro" has those limits rather than all micros ( like 5 micros in your app )

- [Discohook](https://github.com/jnsougata/discohook) (Discord)
- [grammY](https://grammy.dev/) (Telegram)
- [aiogram](https://github.com/aiogram/aiogram) (Telegram)

> ## What are the limits of a Base?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What are the limits of Deta Base?
```

> Bases currently do not have any limits but are meant for small to medium sized projects. If you are looking for a database for a large project, we recommend using some

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bases do not have a limit on the number of rows they can store, but each row is limited to 400 KB in size. Numbers are limited to 16 digits for both integers and floating-points.
```

> other database or service. Also each document in a Base has a maximum size of 400kb.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ## What are the limits of a Drive?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What are the limits of Deta Drive?
```

> Drives currently have a limit of 10GB per account. In the future we will be adding a way to increase this limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Drives currently have a global limit of 10 GB per account.
```

> ## Domain verification pending, what do I do?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## My domain verification is pending, what should I do?
```

> It can take up to 24 hours for the domain to be verified. If it takes longer than that, make sure you followed the steps mentioned [here](docs/en/basics/micros#custom-domains) correctly. If you still face issues, please contact us at [Discord](https://go.deta.dev/discord).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Domains can take up to 24 hours to be verified. If it takes longer than that, make sure you have followed the steps mentioned [here](https://deta.space/docs/en/basics/micros#custom-domains) correctly. If you still face issues, please contact us on [Discord](https://go.deta.dev/discord).
```
